Generally, I plan to generalize the experiment by varying the TCP/CBR flow start times, and sometimes the bandwidth of the TCP/CBR flows too. Each varient of the experiment would be varied 30 times, and each experiment would be run for 5 seconds (or 1 second or some other number if it seemed more fitting).

Experiment 1
For each of the TCP varients, I would vary both the TCP/CBR start time and the CBR flow size.

Run all of the TCP varient at 1Mb flow size. 
Start with CBR at 5 seconds before the TCP, with 1Mb/5Mb/10Mb flow.
Then start with CBR at 5 seconds after the TCP, with 1Mb/5Mb/10Mb flow.

I would measure the goodput of the TCP streams (total byte received/time) for average throughput.
For latency, I would plot out the graph to answer.
Measure both total bytes sent and total byte received for fewest drops.
I would look at the produced graph, see whether there are outliers/how each perform under different situations to conclude for the "best varient"question.
For all of those I would plot them out as graphs, with x axis as the size of CBR flow, y axis as average throuput/latency/byte drops, and mention significant values for t-test if there was an interesting one worth bringing up.


Experiment 2
In this experiment, the things I vary are TCP start time (between the TCPs) and CBR bandwidth.

1. Start the CBR at 1Mb flow.
   Start both TCP varients 1 second later, at the same time/one at 5 seconds earlier, then 5 seconds later.

2. Start the CBR at 5Mb flow. Start TCP variants in the same way as in 1.

3. Start the CBR at 10Mb flow. Start TCP variants in the same way as in 1.

Same kinds of graphs as experiment 1.

I would answer whether the TCPs are fair to each other by looking at the graphs, whether they have similar throughput, package loss, and latency. 


Experiment 3
For experiment 3, the only thing I would vary at the moment is the start time of the flows (I have not decided whether to vary the queue size or not).

I would first run the TCP flow and observe at what time might it become relatively steady.
Then, depending on the observation, I may start the CBR flow at 5Mb at 1 second, 5 second, 10 seconds after the TCP flow, for each varient of the queuing algorithm, and run each experiment for 5 seconds.

For the graph, I plot both the result of the TCP flow and the result of the CBR flow, with the different start time as the x axis.

I would again answer the questions by observing the graphs and the t test results.
